all right 21 Brooklyn and first time
should have been his uh you know Katniss
combos sorry switching up the Apple
which interestingly enough a neutral
jump brown house works just as well on a
belief does like I've been told by them
all-star Abbas like that's the bus and
whatnot they fucking hate neutral jump
around house
there's simple reason that all of that
will shit kind of taken into an ultra
all of that will shit like his ground
forward he doesn't have a whole lot to
the attack there there so he's been
doing that a lot he can do except like
real KQ requires pretty good time ah
what happen there oh look awesome
awesome salves intentional and even more
awesome if that was not intentional
I remember on my estate in a tournament
in West Coast war zone I played a sagger
and we were down to like no life both of
us I did a concert for chip and he was
on the ground he fucking threw me while
going through my my son shoe which was
strange Sally so there's a weird like
one frame bullshit gap um where you can
be thrown which was demonstrated there
and it knocked me out a little
tournament in west coast and I was
really pissed look happens all right 22
is the final final match
good apple by the way I am no I have no
idea what to tell this guy how to beat
me because he's doing a fine job focus
keep the streak alive those are good
that was a good of attacks right now ok
I'll start off with that uh people jump
Pierce which is 300 stun if you guys
don't know the highest on move Dutch on
the s-300 BTW keep this bastard
I thought I was going to cross the
mountain come sleep my patented all
right my pad did thing you guys can
steal this and it's not really anything
great but uh always after the back throw
that triple hit and the kick the
roundhouse in the back of the head what
I always do is I double dash forward and
then do a low forward into a short Assad
shoot and I hit them fucking ninety-five
percent of the time neither one or the
other so yeah it was a good good match
cockroach said peace out dude so 323 to
meet and that was the game four in Game
five not sure but anyway um switch back
to xbox and we're gonna challenge Sakura
the x3 and once again sorry bash but you
weren't there so I got to move on
alright see you guys next game